README.md, before:

# `elm-smuggle`

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jmackie/elm-smuggle.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jmackie/elm-smuggle)
![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/jmackie/elm-smuggle.svg)

Smuggle `git` dependencies into your [Elm][elm-home] apps.

## Install

### From [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elm-smuggle)

```bash
npm install --global elm-smuggle
```

### From source

```bash
stack install
```

## How to use it

TODO

1. Write some repo URLs to an `.elm-smuggle`. Commit this file.
2. Run `elm-smuggle` from the project root.
3. Run `elm install <smuggled-package-name>`

## Options

```
-v, --version      Print elm-smuggle version
-h, --help         Print help information

--suppress-errors  Don't print (non-fatal) errors
--reinstall        Force reinstall package versions

--local-bin        Use elm binary from node_modules dir
```

## Caveats

Packages to be smuggled _should_ be publishable by `elm` standards. That means:

-   Packages should be properly documented: `elm-make --docs=docs.json` should pass when run from the root of the package directory
-   Packages should be (git) tagged by semantic version (`MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`)
-   Packages have at least one tag >= 1.0.0

[elm-home]: https://elm-lang.org/

## TODO

-   [ ] Rethink `.elm-smuggle` file format
-   [ ] Rethink `--local-bin` flag

Commit message:

Added --elm-bin flag --- Added new flag to indicate relative location of the elm binary. This way, we can use elm binary installed via npm, and do not need to depend on the system wide installation of elm.
E.g. usage linux
elm-smuggle --elm-bin=node_modules/.bin/elm

E.g. usage windows
elm-smuggle --elm-bin=node_modules/elm/unpacked_bin/elm.exe

Also, because of differences betwen win and linux, this way we
can handle both platforms.

README.md, after:

# `elm-smuggle`

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jmackie/elm-smuggle.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jmackie/elm-smuggle)
![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/jmackie/elm-smuggle.svg)

Smuggle `git` dependencies into your [Elm][elm-home] apps.

## Install

### From [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/elm-smuggle)

```bash
npm install --global elm-smuggle
```

### From source

```bash
stack install
```

## How to use it

1. Write some repo URLs to an `.elm-smuggle`. Commit this file.
2. Run `elm-smuggle` from the project root.
3. Run `elm install <smuggled-package-name>`

## Options

```
-v, --version       Print elm-smuggle version
```

```
-h, --help          Print help information
```

```
--suppress-errors   Don't print (non-fatal) errors
```

```
--reinstall         Force reinstall package versions
```

By default `elm-smuggle` will use system installation of `elm 0.19`.
```
--elm-bin=<path>    Relative path to elm binary, e.g. to the one in your node_modules folder
```

## Caveats

Packages to be smuggled _should_ be publishable by `elm` standards. That means:

-   Packages should be properly documented: `elm-make --docs=docs.json` should pass when run from the root of the package directory
-   Packages should be (git) tagged by semantic version (`MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH`)
-   Packages have at least one tag >= 1.0.0

[elm-home]: https://elm-lang.org/

## TODO

-   [ ] Rethink `.elm-smuggle` file format
